This library enables the use of PicoLisp in the multi-language
programming framework Org-Babel. PicoLisp is a minimal yet
fascinating lisp dialect and a highly productive application
framework for web-based client-server applications on top of
object-oriented databases. A good way to learn PicoLisp is to first
read Paul Grahams essay "The hundred year language"
(http://www.paulgraham.com/hundred.html) and then study the various
documents and essays published in the PicoLisp wiki
(https://picolisp.com/wiki/?home). There is also a PicoLisp Blog out
there (https://picolisp-explored.com/), as well as a huge number of
code examples on https://rosettacode.org/wiki/Category:PicoLisp,
written by the creator of PicoLisp himself.

PicoLisp is included in some GNU/Linux Distributions, and can be
downloaded here: http://software-lab.de/down.html.
It used to ship with a picolisp-mode and an inferior-picolisp-mode
for Emacs (to be found in the /lib/el/ directory) until Pil64, but
from Pil21 on these libraries have to be found on GitHub
(e.g. https://github.com/tj64). The same holds for former library
files for line editing (led.l and eled.l, replaced by readline lib
in Pil21) and for symbol editing (edit.l and eedit.l, replaced by
the use of VIP, the editor written in and shipped with Pil21).

There are two Emacs modes now, picolisp-mode (older, more official)
and plist-mode (newer, less tested). Both rely on the same
inferior-picolisp.el file.

Although it might seem more natural to use Emacs Lisp for most
Lisp-based programming tasks inside Org, an Emacs library written
in Emacs Lisp, PicoLisp has at least two outstanding features that
make it a valuable addition to Org Babel:

PicoLisp _is_ an object-oriented database with a Prolog-based query
language implemented in PicoLisp (Pilog). Database objects are
first-class members of the language.

PicoLisp is an extremely productive framework for the development
of interactive web-applications (on top of a database).

